Event: Hackathon "Imaging in Galaxy", Freiburg 2024 (#2346)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/events/2024-02-26-hackathon-image-analysis-in-galaxy/index.md

---
title: Hackathon Image Analysis in Galaxy
date: '2024-02-26'
days: 5
tease: "This hackathon addresses the improvement of Galaxy for image analysis"
continent: EU
location:
  name: "University of Freiburg, Germany"
contact: "Beatriz Serrano-Solano, Yi Sun, Björn Grüning"
tags: [hackathon, imaging]
subsites: [all]
---

# General information

> - **Date**: Feb 26th - Mar 3rd 2024 (full week)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Date**: Feb 26th - Mar 1st 2024 (full week)
```

- **Format**: hybrid

> - **Location**: Seminar room at Georges-Köhler-Allee 79, 79104 Freiburg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Location**: Seminar room at Georges-Köhler-Allee 79, 79110 Freiburg
```

- **Time**: full day, 9/10am CEST to open end
- **Cost**: Free

> - **Contact**: Beatriz Serrano-Solano ([beatriz.serrano.solano@eurobioimaging.eu](mailto:beatriz.serrano.solano@eurobioimaging.eu)), Yi Sun ([yi.sun@embl.de](mailto:yi.sun@embl.de), Björn Grüning ([gruening@informatik.uni-freiburg.de](mailto:gruening@informatik.uni-freiburg.de)

Reviewer: can we remove this line so that we don't receive much spam? it's already in the form :)

This event addresses individuals interested in hacking Galaxy to improve analyzing image data and is organized by [Euro-BioImaging](https://www.eurobioimaging.eu) and [NFDI4BIOIMAGE](https://nfdi4bioimage.de). 

# Registration

> Registration is free, but the space is limited, so we recommend to register soon. Please wait for our confirmation before booking your trip.
> 
> Please note that we expect participants to cover their own travel and accommodation costs. If this is not possible, please let us know, and we will do our best to find a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration is free, but the space is limited, so we recommend to register soon. Please wait for our confirmation before booking your trip.

If you have trouble covering for travel and accommodation, please contact us directly to discuss options.
```

Reviewer: this suggestion came from the NFDI office

> As this is a hybrid event, remote attendance is also possible (details down below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a hybrid event, remote attendance is also possible (details in the registration).
```

<div class="row justify-content-center">

>   <a class="btn w-25 btn-dark" href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1nw8xvXGojgI3DUr3tyC9lmAs7kunkf_aVLOgUwRs1VI" role="button" target="_blank">Register now</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a class="btn w-25 btn-dark" href="https://forms.gle/A2VBPtFwVJjpB4tc7" role="button" target="_blank">Register now</a>
```

</div>

# Remote attendance

Hacking is not restricted to onsite, we appreciate your participation from anywhere else, too. We provide a Zoom connection and involve a Meeting Owl to include you as close as possible.

**Connection details for online attendance:**

> https://embl-org.zoom.us/j/95969566635?pwd=czB1dHNxejVNbm90dlg2cmVSMnZsQT09 

Reviewer: I'd also avoid publishing this, it's on the agenda. We can link the [agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pVToHXfwDLCkRZF0ifg9aVeT3cg-cjGEYWVSyIRd2hc/edit#heading=h.84pge7bu74zm) somewhere

Meeting ID: 959 6956 6635
Passcode: 167106

# Agenda

Times to start for each day and the particular schedules are listed down below. All days do not have a fixed end time (onsite decision with the participants).

**Monday, February 26th**
| Time | Topic |
|---|---|
| 10:00 | Welcome & Logistics |
| 10:10 | Presentation of personal goals and plans for the week<br>[GDoc: Hackathon Freiburg 2024 - Planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sckc6me-6oVZlPovle-h4gWKgYCiHkendhnQK2wBOzY/edit) |
| 11:00 | Hacking! |

**Tuesday-Thursday, February 27-29th**
| Time | Topic |
|---|---|
| 9:30 | Hacking days - Stand-up meeting |

**Friday, March 1st**
| Time | Topic |
|---|---|
| 9:30 | Presentations of [Hackathon outcomes (GDoc)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1saZiyLmS8q4-6BH2LGjxGtpeYLIZSqgoj2tZSGmkFyU/edit#slide=id.g28c070389ad_3_766)<br>and summary writing (to be published on forum.image.sc and others) |

# Event rules and regulations

> ## Code of Conduct

Reviewer: ❤️

The Hackathon will abide the [Galaxy Project CoC](https://galaxyproject.org/community/coc/).
Please, make sure that you read it before the event.

## Data protection policy

> Your data will be retained during the event and deleted when it has ended. If you would like to update or delete your data during the course of the project, please get in touch with the contact organisers.

Reviewer: we are waiting for the confirmation from NFDI that this is the right statement
